Update user_guide.md (#3624)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/ros2/user_guide.md

- If you're using a main or release version of PX4 you can get the message definitions by cloning the interface package [PX4/px4_msgs](https://github.com/PX4/px4_msgs) into your workspace.
- If you're creating or modifying uORB messages you must manually update the messages in your workspace from your PX4 source tree.
  Generally this means that you would update [dds_topics.yaml](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/main/src/modules/uxrce_dds_client/dds_topics.yaml), clone the interface package, and then manually synchronize it by copying the new/modified message definitions from [PX4-Autopilot/msg](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/tree/main/msg) to its `msg` folders.

>   Assuming that PX4-Autopilot is in your home directory `~`, while `px4_msgs` is in `~/ws_sensor_combined/src/`, then the command might be:

Reviewer: Thanks, but can you please explain how this is "more correct"? 

The directory could be called "jimbob" or "bob" or anything else - we've used px4_ros_com because that is the example repo name. It probably isn't `ws_sensor_combined` in a topic on custom uORB topics.

Author: Yes, surely, the workspace name can be anything. However, we must copy the msg directory into the px4_msgs package, which was cloned in the ws_sensor_combined workspace (as instructed in the tutorial above), not in the px4_ros_com/src, which is a package not the workspace.

Reviewer: This doc states that `px4_ros_com`  _IS_ a workspace, so thats a precondition. But I take your point - using a package name for a workspace is also unhelpful for readers. 
I do not want to use `ws_sensor_combined` - that would imply that this text is somehow related to the previous example when it is not and should not be.

Can you please use the standard adopted by the ROS 2 docs: `/ros2_ws/`?

Reviewer: OK, I'll do it.
```suggestion
  Assuming that PX4-Autopilot is in your home directory `~`, while `px4_msgs` is in `~/ros2_ws/src/`, then the command might be:
```

  ```sh

>   rm ~/ws_sensor_combined/src/px4_msgs/msg/*.msg
>   cp ~/PX4-Autopilot/mgs/*.msg ~/ws_sensor_combined/src/px4_msgs/msg/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  rm ~/ros2_ws/src/px4_msgs/msg/*.msg
  cp ~/PX4-Autopilot/mgs/*.msg ~/ros2_ws/src/px4_msgs/msg/
```
